Adding documentation for Fermyon Cloud label support (#912)
fermyon/developer: content/cloud/labels.md

The Spin application does not need to know the true name of the resource it's interacting with. This also means a label is well understood by all the components within it's respective application, but it doesn't hold any significance to other applications. 

> At this time, only NoOps SQL DB supports labels. However, in the future other Fermyon Cloud resources such as Key Value Store will support links and labels as well. 

## Benefits of Links and Labels

Benefits of the Fermyon Clould links and labels include:

* **Easy Sharing**: Share your Fermyon Cloud resource across applications effortlessly.
* **Resource Creation Control**: You decide when to create and delete Fermyon Cloud resources.
* **Flexible Lifecycle Management**: Manage Fermyon Cloud resources independently of your Spin application.
* **Seamless Cloud Integration**: Cloud experience smoothly integrates with local Spin development, no runtime configuration changes required. 
* **Dynamic App Resource Configuration**: Change the data resource your application points to without rebuilding it.

## Working With Links and Labels

> Whenever you add a string to your NoOps SQL database entry in the component manifest, you're creating a label. When you deploy your Spin application to Fermyon Cloud, you'll be prompted to link the label to a specific NoOps SQL database instance. Later on, if you'd like to update the link you can do so via the `spin cloud link` command. 

Reviewer: This points out that we may want to allow updating links in `spin cloud link`. i realized we dont currently and you have to unlink first
```suggestion
Whenever you add a string to your NoOps SQL database entry in the component manifest, you're creating a label. When you deploy your Spin application to Fermyon Cloud, you'll be prompted to link the label to a specific NoOps SQL database instance. Later on, if you'd like to update the link you can do so via the `spin cloud unlink` and then `spin cloud link` commands. 
```

![TODO - this is a rough PM diagram, needs design polish](../../static/image/labels-diagram.png)

To see your existing labels, you will need to use the `spin cloud` plugin along with the subcommand of the resource you've linked to your Spin application via a label. For example, if you'd like to see the labels you created for your NoOps SQL DB resources, you'd run the following command:

```bash
$ spin cloud sqlite list
+------+---------+--------------+
| App  | Label   | Database     |
+===============================+
| todo | data    | todo_db      |
|------+---------+--------------|
| api  | default | todo_db      |
+------+---------+--------------+
```

> Now you can see your Spin applications, their respective labels and their connected NoOps SQL Databases. In the example above, we have two unique Spin applications (todo and api) that are linked to the same NoOps SQL Database instance (todo-db) via their respective labels (data and default). 

Reviewer: should we add `` around code names (ie `todo-db`)

> If you'd like to change your link while your Spin application is running, you can do so with the following command:

Reviewer: Rather than change, this is removing it

> title = "Labels"

Reviewer 2: I think we've talked before about how the feature should be called "links" where the string name within the link is a label. For example, Apps and resources are linked together using a label, but if you think presenting it this way is clearer, I'm fine with that.

template = "cloud_main"
date = "2023-10-30T00:22:56Z"
enable_shortcodes = true
[extra]
url = "https://github.com/fermyon/developer/blob/main/content/cloud/labels.md"

---
- [Labels Overview](#labels-overview)
- [Benefits of labels](#benefits-of-labels)
- [How To Create A Label](#how-to-create-a-label)

> - [How to Delete A Label](#how-to-delete-a-label)

Reviewer 2: The only confusing part about presenting all this as labels is that `spin cloud` refers to links not labels. e.g., `spin cloud link sqlite` and `spin cloud unlink sqlite`

> - [How to Delete A Label](#how-to-delete-a-label)

Author: I added "Working With Labels and Links"

- [Next Steps](#next-steps) 

# Labels Overview

> Spin applications are inherently ephermal resources; therefore, you don't necessarily want other Fermyon Cloud resources (such as NoOps SQL Databases) to share the exact same lifecycle. Furthermore, as you build and prototype your Spin application you may want to connect to other resources without necessarily having to recompile your application, but you still need some construct to explain the relationship between your Spin application and the other resource you need it to connect with. 

Reviewer 2: > Spin applications are inherently ephermal resources;

Nit: ephermal => "ephemeral"

It could get confusing to refer to apps as resources when we're also using "resources" to refer to things apps can connect to. Perhaps you can just say:

> Spin applications are inherently ephemeral;

Perhaps I'm different from others here, but I would have never assumed resources would have their lifecycles tied to applications so the first point would kind of confuse me. The points that seem most relevant to me are:
* Apps need a way to refer to resources
* Different apps might refer to the logical same resources by different names
* Labels are way to indicate how an app refers to a resource

This relationship is dynamic and can change while your app is running. If you want your app to talk to a different database, change the link to refer to a different database.

Author: This is good feedback - I'm approaching this assuming the reader is familiar with the opinionated label experience with KV and default. However, if you approach the label concept with fresh eyes then the bullet points you shared resonate better.

> Spin applications are inherently ephermal resources; therefore, you don't necessarily want other Fermyon Cloud resources (such as NoOps SQL Databases) to share the exact same lifecycle. Furthermore, as you build and prototype your Spin application you may want to connect to other resources without necessarily having to recompile your application, but you still need some construct to explain the relationship between your Spin application and the other resource you need it to connect with. 

Author: Agreed, I tried to context set by saying "prototype" but if we think this is unrealistic for PoC / playing around with concepts for the first time I can remove it.

> This is where Fermyon Cloud `labels` are useful. `labels` are construct that allow developers to establish a relationship between a Spin application and it's dependent Fermyon Cloud resources while still preserving independent lifecycles for the respective resources. `Labels` are application scoped and an indirect reference to a named Fermyon Cloud resource that belongs to the user. Whenever that Spin application needs to access that resource, it will use the `label` as reference. The Spin application does not need to know the true name of the resource it's interacting with. This also means a `label` is well understood by all the components within it's respective application, but it doesn't hold any significance to other applications. 

Reviewer 2: Perhaps having a motivating example would be helpful. This all becomes *a lot* clearer with an example.

> This is where Fermyon Cloud `labels` are useful. `labels` are construct that allow developers to establish a relationship between a Spin application and it's dependent Fermyon Cloud resources while still preserving independent lifecycles for the respective resources. `Labels` are application scoped and an indirect reference to a named Fermyon Cloud resource that belongs to the user. Whenever that Spin application needs to access that resource, it will use the `label` as reference. The Spin application does not need to know the true name of the resource it's interacting with. This also means a `label` is well understood by all the components within it's respective application, but it doesn't hold any significance to other applications. 

Author: Thanks for encouraging me to be more precise with my language here! Fixed.

> At this time, only NoOps SQL DB supports `labels`. However, in the future other Fermyon Cloud resources such as Key Value Store will support `labels` as well. 

## Benefits of Labels

Benefits of the Fermyon Clould `labels` include:

* **Easy Sharing**: Share your Fermyon Cloud resource across applications effortlessly.

> * **Resource Creation Control**: You decide when to create and delete Fermyon Cloud resources.

Reviewer 3: Again, I feel like this page is presenting things the wrong way round. It starts from labels and goes to "labels allow you to decide" when actually what happens is "you need to be able to decide" and labels are how we solve that.

> * **Flexible Lifecycle Management**: Manage Fermyon Cloud resources independently of your Spin application.

Reviewer 3: This is the same feature as "Resource Creeation Control" _grin_

* **Seamless Cloud Integration**: Cloud experience smoothly integrates with local Spin development, no runtime configuration changes required. 

> * **Component Model Alignment**: Change the data resource your application points to without rebuilding it.

Reviewer 2: "Component Model Alignment" seems strange. How about "Dynamic App Resource Configuration" ?

> * **Component Model Alignment**: Change the data resource your application points to without rebuilding it.

Reviewer 3: Is this really a thing that people are likely to do?  If my `finance` label points to `the-monies`, how often would I change it to point to `kenzies-monies`?

Author: The only use-case I can come up with is a test vs prod instance of a DB  ? 👍  👎

Reviewer 3: That wouldn't be something you switched on an app, though - you'd have separate test and prod deployments.

## How To Create A Label

> Labels can be created in two different manners, either within the component manifest in `spin.toml` or via `spin cloud` plugin via the `spin cloud link` command. Both approaches are equally valid. The path you choose most likely depends on whether your Spin application needs to be linked to the resource immediately at deployment time. If you know the exact topology of your workload, you'll likely include the label in the component manifest in your `spin.toml` at deployment time.

Reviewer 3: > If you know the exact topology of your workload, you'll likely include the label in the component manifest in your `spin.toml` at deployment time.

I'm not sure what this is saying.  A label that _isn't_ mentioned in the manifest is doing nothing.  Even if I _don't_ know the "exact topology of my workload," I still need to reference a label in the manifest if I want to use a database.  The label kind of _abstracts_ the application from the broader (cross-application) topology of the workload.

Author: Agreed, I've reworked this paragraph entirely to be more application and link centric

On the other hand, if you're familiarizing yourself with Fermyon Cloud and interacting with these resources for the first time you may find yourself using `spin cloud link` instead. The `spin cloud link` command allows you to create a label once you already have a deployed Spin application and storage resource you'd like to connect to. 

![TODO - this is a rough PM diagram, needs design polish](../../static/image/labels-diagram.png)

## How to View Existing Labels

To see your existing labels, you will need to use the `spin cloud` plugin along with the subcommand of the resource you've linked to your Spin application via a label. For example, if you'd like to see the labels you created for your NoOps SQL DB resources, you'd run the following command:

```bash
$ spin cloud sqlite list
+------+---------+--------------+
| App  | Label   | Database     |
+===============================+
| todo | default | amiable-kiwi |

> |------+---------+--------------|

Reviewer 3: @kate-goldenring are we removing these lines?

Reviewer: Slipped my mind. heres a PR https://github.com/fermyon/cloud-plugin/pull/122

> | api  | hello   | amiable-kiwi |

Reviewer 3: "hello" and "amiable-kiwi" are unhelpful - consider names that offer some sense of why this sharing is happening.

+------+---------+--------------+
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we write out how the user is supposed to interpret this?

> Above the `todo` app refers to the aminable-kiwi database with the label "default" while the `api` app refers to the same database with the label "hello"
